fficall contains the implementation of the R FFI, as described in https://cran.r-project.org/doc/manuals/r-release/R-exts.html.
It's actually a bit more than that as it also contains code copied from GnuR, for example that supports graphics or is sufficiently
simple that it is neither necessary nor desirable to implement in Java.

 There are two sub-directories:
   common
   jni

'common' contains code that has no explicit JNI dependencies and has been extracted for reuse in other implementations. This code is mostly
copied/included from GnuR. 'jni' contains the implementation that is based on and has explicit dependencies on Java JNI.

 Note that the 'common' files cannot all be compiled in isolation, as they typically depend on the implementation
 via rffiutils.h (and Rinternals.h). N.B. the GnuR code may "include" header files that are private to the GnuR implementation.
 These must always be replaced with local versions that make sense under FastR. Examples are Defn.h and Internal.h. When code
 is compiled the C compiler include path NEVER reaches into GnuR; all internal headers that are needed must exist in the
 common directory. They may explicitly include the original header but doing it this way ensures that we never accidently
 include an internal header. It is TBD to decide exactly what is needed from the GnuR internal headers. Ideally,
 we would provide versions that are absolutely minimal. Clearly it is a bug if any code that depends on the actual
 GnuR implementation ends up in the FastR library.

 N.B. Some modified files have a "_fastr" suffix to avoid a clash with an existing file in GnuR that would match
 the Makefile rule for compiling directly from the GnuR file.

 The R FFI is rather baroque and defined in large set of header files in the sibling 'include' directory. In GnuR, the implementation
 of the functions is spread over the GnuR C files in 'src/main'. To ease navigation of the FastR implementation, in general,
 the implementation of the functions in a header file 'Rxxx.h' is stored in the file 'Rxxx.c'.

The points of entry from Java are defined in the file rfficall.c. Various utility functions are defined if rffiutils.{h,c}.

